Acdp 224 (#7)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/01a_Overview.md

- [SAVE]   
  Click this button to save any changes. The changes are applied. The *Edit tab* view is closed.

- ![Cancel](/Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cancel]") (Cancel)   
  Click this button to cancel editing the tab. Any changes are rejected. The *Edit tab* view is closed.

- Dashlet   
  Hover over a dashlet until the cursor icon changes to the cross arrows cursor. Then move the dashlet on the predefined grid using drag and drop. To remove a dashlet from the tab, click the ![Remove](/Assets/Icons/Cross03.png "[Remove]") (Remove) button in the upper right corner of the dashlet.  

#### Dashlet picker

![Dashlet picker](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/DashletPicker.png "[Dashlet picker]")

- [x]
  Select a checkbox to add the selected dashlet to the tab. You can select multiple checkboxes. If you click the checkbox in the header, all dashlets in the list are selected. A toolbar indicating the number of selected dashlets is displayed above the list when you have selected at least one checkbox. By default, the following dashlets are available:

>   - Current failure count: This dashlet displays the number of failures in the *Workflows* module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Current failure count: This dashlet displays the number of process that are currently in the error state
```
